README.md, before:

Quick Meals is a new way of getting ready to cook meals to your front door with a simple click of a button. Quick Meals goal is to help you stay on top of your fitness routine with calorie and macro specific meals to directly help you get the nutrition you need whilst also giving you the correct portion size so that you feel full after every Quick Meal!


### Project Goals
My main goal for this website is for the main function of selecting a meal which would be helpful for someone who is on a strict diet or someone who would like to start taking control of their meals to find a easy solution for choosing appetising meals from a selection of options. My primary intention isnt a make a "fitness community" however a review section for each specific meal choice and perhaps a feedback section would be something that I will be aiming to create once the initial website is functional and everything works up to my standard.

### Design
My main design plan is going to be a initial website splash page with our mission statement and what Quick Meals will be able to offer to subscription members, followed up by a simple and easy navigation bar for every user to be able to find something they are looking for, whether thats what meals we offer to what other people currently think about our products.


### Bug Testing
I have had some issues with Django when attempting to access the administrator panel but both of the times I ran into that issue was when I saved my file and came back to it the following day, so since I am primarily starting this repository over from scratch I hopefully won't run into this issue further.

### Development
In the future if I decide to continue developing this website I would like to get a custom domain for an easy and rememberable URL, however for the time being I will front this website with GitHub's own hosting features. I do not expect many issues with this however in the past I have ran into some issues with pictures not loading but I believe to have found a workaround so I wont fall into the same issues with this project. <br>
( In all my time looking at other peoples project's and even looking at some employment based projects from the likes of senior devs at Google, I have even asked in my readme files as to what goes into this section however I was never told.. not even during my writeup on what the project was lacking before i resubmitted, this is the only place that uses aor even asks for a development section in the readme file and since I do not know what is the main intention for this section at my final project, this is the best I believe I can do since I am still in the dark as to what this section is used for as I don't believe outside of this course it has any purpose. )

### Credits
Initial template taken from Code Institute.

Commit message:

setting up backend processes such as admin login and general user login

README.md, after:

Quick Meals is a new way of getting ready to cook meals to your front door with a simple click of a button. Quick Meals goal is to help you stay on top of your fitness routine with calorie and macro specific meals to directly help you get the nutrition you need whilst also giving you the correct portion size so that you feel full after every Quick Meal!


### Project Goals
My main goal for this website is for the main function of selecting a meal which would be helpful for someone who is on a strict diet or someone who would like to start taking control of their meals to find a easy solution for choosing appetising meals from a selection of options. My primary intention isnt a make a "fitness community" however a review section for each specific meal choice and perhaps a feedback section would be something that I will be aiming to create once the initial website is functional and everything works up to my standard.

### Design
My main design plan is going to be a initial website splash page with our mission statement and what Quick Meals will be able to offer to subscription members, followed up by a simple and easy navigation bar for every user to be able to find something they are looking for, whether thats what meals we offer to what other people currently think about our products.


### Bug Testing
I have had some issues with Django when attempting to access the administrator panel but both of the times I ran into that issue was when I saved my file and came back to it the following day, so since I am primarily starting this repository over from scratch I hopefully won't run into this issue further.
This has been incorrect, I am still having the same issue with Django logging into admin however it should all be set up correctly, [https://i.imgur.com/P799yaK.png]

### Development
In the future if I decide to continue developing this website I would like to get a custom domain for an easy and rememberable URL, however for the time being I will front this website with GitHub's own hosting features. I do not expect many issues with this however in the past I have ran into some issues with pictures not loading but I believe to have found a workaround so I wont fall into the same issues with this project. <br>
( In all my time looking at other peoples project's and even looking at some employment based projects from the likes of senior devs at Google, I have even asked in my readme files as to what goes into this section however I was never told.. not even during my writeup on what the project was lacking before i resubmitted, this is the only place that uses aor even asks for a development section in the readme file and since I do not know what is the main intention for this section at my final project, this is the best I believe I can do since I am still in the dark as to what this section is used for as I don't believe outside of this course it has any purpose. )

### Credits
Initial template taken from Code Institute.
